docs change to enable waitForPodsReady (#6031)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/kubernetes/examples/kueue-example.rst

    ...
    - pod

(Optional) Patch Kueue to support all or nothing scheduling
-----------------------------------------------------------

Kueue optionally supports `all or nothing scheduling <https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/tasks/manage/setup_wait_for_pods_ready/#enabling-waitforpodsready>`_ (gang scheduling) of pods.

> The Kueue config needs to be patched to support all or nothing scheduling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kueue config needs to be patched to support gang scheduling. This is especially useful for multinode workloads such as distributed training. 
```
